hello my name is en persons of
subscribers in the last issue we had
the dispute so strange as it is today as
I promised you last video I won
last video here is such a trick
today we say so the story about the bone
I will help mark brother for example as it is known
bone spider on shedding leaves
own channel pasha a couple we brant
they shoot together on foliage on his leaf
show on you for this, too, leaving the channel but
I show how much it will help who
knows more as we want to fight
scientific new craft is weak
a challenge but for now I know so much to pass
may know more on i don't know i know
so many gears and hopefully cash
the monster
I would like to live in Moscow red
area because they are all the time on
come and they she already
they already want to see how two or three years
I want a year or two I want them
see don't remember but really if
I'll see very, very cool your very
cherished dream and again
life I do not understand what and how why
why all i will make a video link to here
this is your team three types of these links
although link link
I do not take off yet
because I finish my studies finished
Spralochku that no form will give
all sorts and some send me bills
but I don’t hide it I look and then
wrap back
but let me take the island zhku I do not know
here's a new gram dispute all I
now recruit
sauce is a collection of these disputes
I will have one leg like I don't have
other device write in comments
how to make how to make the second channel
my friend on my brother she is anti
Malakhov wound up and now she has
own another channel or asv mind then
what pass him sign too
put the huskies i'm very amazed at the fixings
there is a find
you keep 404,414 views change veins
shorter part go round sheets in
This is the most popular where I walk
channel name and if we are now semi liquid
Mars brother I think they will be surprised and
will arrive in Tambov on Astrakhan on
fear and in short let them and if from
projectile in the comments that the phone or
call me i you
I will send comments and phone again
Washer sorry, I 'm sorry
also stayed at the turret prilepi
I will show you this turret
just about my seconds 10 or 20 you
subscribe channel subscribe to channel
clean and show with everything for now